Fix: What http headers are collected in the Python SDK (#13440)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/data-management/data-collected.mdx

## HTTP Headers

> By default, the Sentry SDK is sending HTTP headers to Sentry but filters out any headers that contain sensitive data. (See the [list of headers](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-python/blob/master/sentry_sdk/integrations/_wsgi_common.py#L28-L35) that are filtered).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Sentry SDK sends HTTP headers to Sentry but filters out any headers that contain sensitive data. (See the [list of headers](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-python/blob/master/sentry_sdk/integrations/_wsgi_common.py#L28-L35) that are filtered).
```

To send all HTTP headers, set `send_default_pii=True` in the `sentry_sdk.init()` call.

> Additionally a [data scrubber](/platforms/python/data-management/sensitive-data/) is removing sensitive data from headers (and a lot of other fields) right before sending data to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally a [data scrubber](/platforms/python/data-management/sensitive-data/) removes sensitive data from headers (and a lot of other fields) right before sending data to Sentry.
```

## Cookies

By default, the Sentry SDK doesn't send cookies. Sentry tries to remove any cookies that contain sensitive information, such as the Session ID and CSRF Token cookies in Django.

If you want to send cookies, set `send_default_pii=True` in the `sentry_sdk.init()` call.

> Additionally a [data scrubber](/platforms/python/data-management/sensitive-data/) is removing sensitive data from cookies (and a lot of other fields) right before sending data to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally a [data scrubber](/platforms/python/data-management/sensitive-data/) removes sensitive data from cookies (and a lot of other fields) right before sending data to Sentry.
```
